Updates to the homepage - add new tagline, why scala? and use cases (#1518)
scala/scala-lang: _scala_use_case_items/1-backend.md

          <p>Whether you compile for the Node.js or Java platform, Scala's interop with both gives you access to even more widely-proven libraries.</p>
          <a class="button button_call-to-action" href="https://index.scala-lang.org/awesome" target="_blank" rel="none">Find the right library for your next Scala project</a>
      </div>
  </div>
  <div class="scala-code">
      <div class="code-element dark">
          <div class="bar-code"><span>Compute accross distributed nodes with Akka actors</span></div>
          <pre><code class="language-scala">def Device(lastTemp: Option[Double]): Behavior[Message] =
  Behaviors.receiveMessage:
    case RecordTemperature(id, value, replyTo) =>
      replyTo ! TemperatureRecorded(id)
      Device(lastTemp = Some(value))

    case ReadTemperature(id, replyTo) =>
      replyTo ! RespondTemperature(id, lastTemp)
      Behaviors.same
</code></pre>
      </div>
  </div>
</div>
<div class="scala-row">
  <div class="scala-code">
      <div class="scala-text scala-text-large">
          <h3>Case Study: Reusable Code with Tapir</h3>
          <p class="emph">Harness the “Code as Data” Paradigm: define once, use everywhere.</p>

>           <p>Scala is a very flexible language. Its rich type system and metaprogramming facilities give the power to automatically derive helpful utilities from your code.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          <p>Scala's rich type system and metaprogramming facilities give the power to automatically derive helpful utilities from your code.</p>
```

Author: done

          <p>Because everything is derived from a type-safe definition, endpoint invocations are checked to be safe at compile-time, across the frontend and backend.</p>
          <a class="button button_call-to-action" href="https://tapir.softwaremill.com/en/latest/#" target="_blank" rel="none">Read more in the Tapir docs</a>
      </div>
  </div>

  <div class="scala-code">
      <div class="code-element dark">
          <div class="bar-code"><span>Describe service endpoints as data with Tapir</span></div>
          <pre><code class="language-scala">// type-safe endpoint definition
val reportEndpoint =
  endpoint
    .in("api" / "report" / path[String]("reportId"))
    .out(jsonBody[Report])

// derived Docs, Server and Client
val apiDocs = docsReader
  .toOpenAPI(reportEndpoint, "Fetch Report", "1.0.0")
val server = serverBuilder(port = "8080")
  .addEndpoint(reportEndpoint.handle(fetchReport))
  .start()
val client = clientReader

>   .toRequest(reportEndpoint, "http://localhost:8080")</code></pre>

Reviewer: Can we also show how to use the client (ie, invoke the endpoint)?
